Port security is one of a multiple security mechanisms that you can implement in a network security
is kind of like a castle of old has shown here.
The idea is is that you have multiple security mechanisms that in of themselves don't provide total
security but each layer of security or each mechanism adds a another level of security.
So in this example you'd have to get across the sea to get to those castle then you'd have to scale
the outer wall and you still not at the core of the castle.
You'd have to climb up this hill and then scale the inner wall to be able to get to the king in the
castle as an example.
So insecurity security implement multiple walls or mechanisms to make it harder for a hacker to attack
your network.
This also applies to users who inadvertently or without being malicious do something that they shouldn't
do on your network.
So port security isn't a catch all security mechanism.
It's just one of many and provides a basic or entry level security mechanism to your network Ethernet.
Once again has no security built into it a user could simply plug a laptop into your network and gain
full access to the network.